feat: Updates `mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule` resource to support independent shard scaling API changes (#2459)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: .changelog/2459.txt

```release-note:enhancement

> resource/mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule: Adds `copy_settings.#.zone_id` and deprecates `copy_settings.#.replication_spec_id` to support independent shard scaling in clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
resource/mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule: Adds `copy_settings.#.zone_id` and deprecates `copy_settings.#.replication_spec_id` for referencing zones of a cluster. This enables referencing zones of clusters using independent shard scaling which no longer support `replication_spec.*.id`.
```
small suggestion to add more context
